If we give "last 2 Chrome versions" for browserslist in package.json does not mean that it will only work on Chrome.
It means it will definetely work on Chrome.

If our browser does not understand promises code ot any ES6 code, then to make it compatible it is converted into the code that is compatible with the browser to understand and execute.

If the browser does not understand the following code:
arr.map(), then this code is converted into an older version of code which can be understood by the browser. 
THIS CONVERSION IS DONE BY BABEL. The converted older code is called POLYFILL.
Babel uses browserslist in order to know on which browsers our application HAS to run on.
Babel is just a JS library which just convertes our newer code into an older version of code that can be understood by browser.

Parcel does optimization : to be specific IMAGE optimization, JS code optimization by minifying the code.
Parcel does tree shaking : removing unwanted code.
If we import a library in our code that provides us with 100 functions, but in our logic we use only 1 or 2 functions, then parcel ignores all the remaining functions.
This is tree shaking.

Easier way to execute our code instead of using npx each time.
Command : npm run start/npm start : for running the start.
        : npm run build : for running the build.
npm : to install packages.
npx : to execute package.
npm run === npx

IMP :
Parcel directly does not remove console logs. We need to install plugins in order to remove console logs.
babel-plugin-transform-remove-console is the plugin we need to use for removing console logs.
Command : npm install babel-plugin-transform-remove-console --save-dev (or -D)
If we run the build "npm run build" : it will not yet remove the console logs in the minifyed code (present in dist folder).
We need to configure to remove it from console logs from the build code. 
We can use npm docs for configurations.
After creation of the .babelrc file and configuring the plugin we again build our code : npm run build. 
Now we see that in our build code present in dist folder we do not have any console logs.